the reason I think that 10,000 hours
becomes that thing that everyone talks
about is you're still young enough naive
enough new enough that you're fresh yeah
but as you get to 30,000 hours you've
got this attitude of I know what I'm
doing and it starts to calcify into
Dogma like that's the thing that really
scares me like because I had to
work so hard to figure out in order
to build businesses that you like grab
on this worked right and so because it
worked you're going to do it the nice
thing about being in marketing and
you're obviously a master of this it
changes so fast that if for even a
second you think I've got it you're done
so as a marketer in today's world will
you have to be your 10,000 hours need to
be applied to adaptation like you
adaptation is your game it is the thing
that you bring to the table I think the
same is true for
[Music]
music